Update Environment Variables (#1748)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-next-and-buttercms-with-now.mdx

  ButterCMS project.
</Caption>

Lastly, to make your API key available for [cloud deployment](/docs/v2/deployments/basics/), create a [Secret](/docs/now-cli#commands/secrets) with the command below:

<Snippet dark text="now secrets add BUTTER_API_TOKEN your-space-id" />
<Caption>

>   Adding the <InlineCode>BUTTER_API_TOKEN</InlineCode> secret to your project using <Link href="/docs/v2/build-step#environment-variables">Secrets</Link>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Adding the <InlineCode>BUTTER_API_TOKEN</InlineCode> secret to your project using <Link href="/docs/now-cli#commands/secrets">Secrets</Link>.
```
